Drink Coca_Cola coke.jpg Nothing to see, move along.
Drink Pepsi pepsi.jpg Nothing to see here, keep walking.
Drink Water water.jpg Please tell me you know what water is. H2O..
Drink Milk milk.jpg It comes from cows. 
Drink Orange_Juice orange.jpg Orange juice is juice from oranges. It is made by squeezing the fresh orange, by drying and later re-hydrating the juice, or by concentration of the juice and later adding water to the concentrate. It is known for its health benefits, particularly its high concentration of vitamin C. 
Drink Coffee coffee.jpg Coffee is a brewed beverage prepared from the roasted or baked seeds of several species of an evergreen shrub of the genus Coffea.
Drink Beer beer.jpg Beer is an alcoholic beverage produced by the saccharification of starch and fermentation of the resulting sugar. The starch and saccharification enzymes are often derived from malted cereal grains, most commonly malted barley and malted wheat. Most beer is also flavoured with hops, which add bitterness and act as a natural preservative, though other flavourings such as herbs or fruit may occasionally be included.
Drink Wine rwine.jpg Wine is an alcoholic beverage made from fermented grapes or other fruits. The natural chemical balance of grapes lets them ferment without the addition of sugars, acids, enzymes, water, or other nutrients.
Drink Red_Wine rwine.jpg Red wine is a type of wine made from dark-coloured (black) grape varieties. The actual colour of the wine can range from intense violet, typical of young wines, through to brick red for mature wines and brown for older red wines.
Drink White_Wine wwine.jpg White wine is a wine whose colour can be straw-yellow, yellow-green, or yellow-gold coloured. It is produced by the alcoholic fermentation of the non-coloured pulp of grapes which may have a white or black skin. It is treated so as to maintain a yellow transparent colour in the final product. The wide variety of white wines comes from the large number of varieties, methods of winemaking, and also the ratio of residual sugar.
Drink Soda soda.jpg A soft drink (also called pop, soda, coke, soda pop, fizzy drink, seltzer, mineral, lolly water or carbonated beverage) is a beverage that typically contains carbonated water, a sweetener and a flavoring. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks) or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives and other ingredients.
Drink Juice juice.jpg Juice is a liquid that is naturally contained in fruit and vegetables. It can also refer to liquids that are flavored with these or other biological food sources such as meat and seafood. It is commonly consumed as a beverage or used as an ingredient or flavoring in foods.
Drink A&W_Root_Beer AW.jpg A&W brand root beer.
Drink Generic_Root_Beer root_beer.jpg Root beer is a carbonated, sweetened beverage, originally made using the root of the sassafras plant (or the bark of a sassafras tree) as the primary flavor. Root beer, popularized in North America, comes in two forms: alcoholic and soft drink. The historical root beer was analogous to small beer in that the process provided a drink with a very low alcohol content. Although roots are used as the source of many soft drinks throughout the world, often different names are used.
Drink Pepsi pepsic.jpg Pepsi.
Drink RC rc.png Wannabe pepsi. RC Cola, also known as Royal Crown Cola, is a cola-flavored soft drink developed in 1905 by Claud A. Hatcher, a pharmacist in Columbus, Georgia, United States.
Drink Apple_Juice applej.jpg Apple juice is a fruit juice made by the maceration and pressing of apples. The resulting expelled juice may be further treated by enzymatic and centrifugal clarification to remove the starch and pectin, which holds fine particulate in suspension, and then pasteurized for packaging in glass, metal or aseptic processing system containers, or further treated by dehydration processes to a concentrate.
Drink Cranberry_Juice cran.jpg Cranberry juice is the juice of the cranberry. The term, used on its own, usually refers to a sweetened version. Bear in mind that the information below regarding sugar content applies ONLY to sweetened versions of cranberry juice. Unsweetened juice is available at many grocery stores and contains about 70 calories per cup.
Drink Hot_Chocolate hotc.jpg Hot chocolate, also known as hot cocoa, is a heated beverage typically consisting of shaved chocolate, melted chocolate or cocoa powder, heated milk or water, and sugar. Some make a distinction between hot chocolate made with melted chocolate versus powdered, calling the former drinking chocolate. Drinking chocolate is also characterized by less sweetness and thicker consistency.
Drink Chocolate_Milk chocm.png Chocolate milk is sweetened, cocoa-flavored milk. It is created by mixing chocolate syrup (or chocolate powder) with milk (from cows, goats, soy, rice, etc.). It can be purchased pre-mixed or made at home with either cocoa powder and a sweetener (such as sugar or a sugar substitute), or with melted chocolate, chocolate syrup, or chocolate milk mix.
Drink Milkshake milkshakes.jpg A milkshake is a sweet, cold beverage which is usually made from milk, ice cream, or iced milk, and flavorings or sweeteners such as butterscotch, caramel sauce, chocolate sauce, or fruit syrup. Outside the United States, the drink is sometimes called a thickshake or thick milkshake or in New England, a frappe, to differentiate it from other less viscous forms of flavored milk. Oh, and they usually bring all the boys to the yard.
Drink Smoothie berry-smoothie.jpg A smoothie (alternatively spelled smoothee and smoothy, the name comes from the smooth property of the emulsion) is a blended and sometimes sweetened beverage made from fresh fruit (fruit smoothie) and in special cases can contain chocolate or peanut butter. In addition to fruit, many smoothies include crushed ice, frozen fruit, honey or contain syrup and ice ingredients. They have a milkshake-like consistency that is thicker than slush drinks. They can also contain milk, yogurt or ice cream. Smoothies are often marketed to health-conscious people, and some restaurants offer add-ins such as soy milk, whey powder, green tea, herbal supplements, or nutritional supplement mixes.
Drink Gatorade gatorade.jpg The Gatorade Company, Inc. is a manufacturer of sports-themed beverage and food products, built around its signature line of sports drinks. Gatorade is currently manufactured by PepsiCo and distributed in over 80 countries.
Drink Powerade powerade.jpg Powerade is a sports drink manufactured and marketed by The Coca-Cola Company. First introduced in 1988, its primary competitor is PepsiCo's Gatorade brands.
Drink 7_UP 7up.jpg 7 Up is a brand of lemon-lime flavored, non-caffeinated soft drink.
Drink Sierra_Mist sierra.jpg Sierra Mist is a lemon-lime flavored soft drink.
Drink Fireball fireball.jpg Fireball Cinnamon Whisky is a cinnamon-flavoured whisky-based liqueur produced by the Sazerac Company. Its foundation is Canadian whisky, and the taste otherwise resembles the candy with a similar name, Ferrara Candy Company's "Atomic Fireball" candy. It is bottled at 33% alcohol by volume (66 U.S. proof).
Drink Jack_Daniels jack.jpg Jack Daniel's is a brand of Tennessee whiskey that is the highest selling American whiskey in the world. It is produced in Lynchburg, Tennessee, by the Jack Daniel Distillery, which has been owned by the Brown-Forman Corporation since 1956.
Drink Margarita margarita.jpg The margarita is a cocktail consisting of tequila, triple sec (such as Cointreau) and lime or lemon juice, often served with salt on the rim of the glass. It is the most common tequila-based cocktail in the United States. 
Drink Martini martini.jpg The Martini is a cocktail made with gin and vermouth, and garnished with an olive or a lemon twist. Over the years, the Martini has become one of the best-known mixed alcoholic beverages.
Drink Coors_Light coors.jpg Brand of beer.
Drink Bud_Light bud.jpg Other brand of beer.
Drink Merlot merlot.jpg Merlot is a dark blue-colored wine grape variety, that is used as both a blending grape and for varietal wines. The name Merlot is thought to be a diminutive of merle, the French name for the blackbird, probably a reference to the color of the grape. Its softness and "fleshiness", combined with its earlier ripening, makes Merlot a popular grape for blending with the sterner, later-ripening Cabernet Sauvignon, which tends to be higher in tannin.
Drink Cabernet_Sauvignon cabernet.png Cabernet Sauvignon is one of the world's most widely recognized red wine grape varieties. It is grown in nearly every major wine producing country among a diverse spectrum of climates from Canada's Okanagan Valley to Lebanon's Beqaa Valley.
Drink Kool_Aid kaid.jpg Kool-Aid is a brand of flavored drink mix owned by Kraft Foods.
Drink Capri_Sun caprisun.jpg Capri Sun is a brand of juice concentrate drink owned by the German Company WILD (Chairman Dr. Hans-Peter Wild) and sold in laminated foil pouches. It was introduced in 1969.
Drink Almond_Milk Amilk.jpg Almond milk is a beverage made from ground almonds, occasionally used as a substitute for dairy milk. Unlike animal milk, almond milk contains neither cholesterol nor lactose. As it does not contain any animal products, it is suitable for vegans and vegetarians who abstain from dairy products.
Drink Cow_Milk Cmilk.jpg Cow milk.
Drink Water water.jpg So clear.
Drink Soda soda.jpg Soda.
Drink Expresso expresso.jpg Espresso is coffee brewed by forcing a small amount of nearly boiling water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans. Espresso is generally thicker than coffee brewed by other methods, has a higher concentration of suspended and dissolved solids, and has crema on top (a foam with a creamy consistency). As a result of the pressurized brewing process, the flavors and chemicals in a typical cup of espresso are very concentrated. Espresso is the base for other drinks, such as a caffè latte, cappuccino, caffè macchiato, cafe mocha, or caffè Americano.
Drink Latte latte.jpg A latte is a coffee drink made with espresso and steamed milk.
Drink Choloate_Milk chocm.png Chocolate milk.
Drink Strawberry_Milk strawberry.JPG Strawberry flavored milk.
Drink Energy_Drink monster.jpg Monster Energy is an energy drink, launched by Monster Beverage Corporation in April 2002. The regular flavor comes in a black can with a green tear-shaped M logo, implied to have been torn by the claws of a monster
Drink Coffee coffee.jpg Coffee is a brewed beverage prepared from the roasted or baked seeds of several species of an evergreen shrub of the genus Coffea.
Drink Iced_Tea itea.jpg Iced tea (or ice tea) is a form of cold tea, usually served in a glass with ice. It may or may not be sweetened. Iced tea is also a popular packaged drink. It can be mixed with flavored syrup, with common flavors including lemon, peach, raspberry, lime, passion fruit, strawberry, and cherry.
Drink Hot_Tea tea.jpg Tea is an aromatic beverage commonly prepared by pouring hot or boiling water over cured leaves of the tea plant, Camellia sinensis. After water, tea is the most widely consumed beverage in the world. It has a cooling, slightly bitter, and astringent flavour that many people enjoy.